text:Thank you, Haydar… my baby.
text:You can read ancient King Deshret script?
text:Right, we won't solve anything by guessing on-shore.
text:No, please… wait! Please… Don't go…
text:Hmm? It's not working…
text:Huh, what a coincidence…
text:You know what happens if you lay a finger on me…
text:Skybracer…
text:She might have a few tricks up her sleeve…
text:Oh, that's really brave of you!
text:Come on, NICKNAME, let's go to the Falcon Coast!
text:Oh! Wait, one second, I'll be right there.
text:I was really counting on him not going through with it.
text:…
text:Fall before the curtain of night.
text:Wha… What's going on!?
text:Oh, of course! Hehe…
text:Exchange!?
text:Let's go check it out!
text:Well that's dark!
text:Ahem…
text:…
text:Ah…
text:Incinerate!
text:To get the treasure at the end of the journey, or to take the first steps into the unknown…
text:What I heard and saw in the streets, combined with my personal experiences…
text:In the future, if there's anything you ever need, you can come to me for help.
text:The Ryuuji Case? So you want to re-investigate that one.
text:You know all of this just as well as I do. Why lie to them?
text:I have a theory, but I can't tell the others just yet… I don't want anyone to panic.
text:…Because of you! It's all because of you!
text:…I think I get what you're saying. You think none of this was a coincidence.
text:By the way, what made you suddenly think of checking the prize in the first place?
text:Sounds a lot like something the god you encountered in the beginning would do.
text:You're too kind, my lady. I'm just doing my duty.
text:Oh, huh… okay then.
text:Ooh, that means we're part of Diluc's inner circle!
text:'The guard looks alert. What should I do next?'
text:But that's not important right now! Where the heck could he have gone in his current state?
text:I… I would like to request permission to leave the resistance, Sir!
text:So, have you cleared out any of these goods recently?
text:Ah, so you've heard of his story, hmm…
text:Oh, so you studied in the same Darshan as Lisa?
text:Yes, sounds like a plan. Thanks for your help, everyone.
text:Hee-hee, Paimon learned it from Chief Mate Juza.
text:The real question is, are you willing to take me on as a student?
text:So whether I'm here or in the city… it makes no difference.
text:Hence, you'll hear many refer to her as the Acting Grand Master.
