text:Do you really think of yourself as someone so exceptionally amazing? Right now, you're more like… like… like someone from the Nitwit Society.
text:Haha. Only those led astray by followers of the Devilish Archer could despise Merciful Medicus. Sadly, there are many such people… too many.
text:That move was a token of my appreciation. We were fated to meet this day, and in days to come.
text:And for me, perhaps the image of symbols woven together - still able to move the heart… something great that you call emotions.
text:No, no, this reminds me of when I first boarded the Express… and forced myself to drink Himeko's coffee… and how my tastebuds never fully recovered.
text:Zandar One Kuwabara, Genius Society member 一. I hung up his portrait purely out of respect. Without him, there would be no Genius Society today.
text:However, the robot still has a 四十四点七 chance of malfunctioning. It's recommended that Pascal's data be formatted and integrated into the base network.
text:Oh, sorry, I was thinking out loud. Don't worry, the Express is perfectly safe - there are no… Come to think of it, I'm an unregistered visitor.
text:It's waaaay too much of a coincidence. A Stellaron Hunter shows up at the site of a Stellaron burst that just happens to be occurring nearby. Does anyone really believe that?
text:Hmph! Did those hopeless brats send you here? It won't work! They abandoned the Commission's precious assets and ran off to save their own little skins!
text:You can't cure someone stricken with mara. It's already a miracle that I still have my senses… that I can talk to you.
text:Sure do! Y'know, I was racking my brains before I boarded the Express, but now I've got more ideas than I know what to do with. Inspiration is a fickle mistress.
text:Exactly right. The suspect is extremely cunning. She encrypted her transmission and timed her communication - we couldn't pinpoint her exact location.
text:To give a common example… Did you know that to varying degrees, most Xianzhou natives are plagued by oral diseases and jaw-related conditions?
text:Don't let its fragmented appearance fool you, Bronya. On the day the promise is fulfilled… these ruins will become the breeding ground of a new world.
text:However, you don't have to feel too burdened. At the very least, the current state of the Stellaron in your body is very stable and will not cause distortion to the outside.
text:The Xianzhou regrets being led astray by the Abundance… That's why they have decided to embark on the Path of The Hunt. Maybe it's not too late for redemption.
text:'Is it really so far-fetched? We're already assuming that Luocha came here to sell the Stellaron to a bunch of cut-throats - may as well throw in some monsters here and there…'
text:There are many similar cases… Skeletal deformities, soft tissue defects, congenital heart disease - the list goes on…
text:I'll be honest, you guys are hardworking. If everyone from Wildfire were as impressive as you on the battlefield, we wouldn't be so hard-pressed by Svarog.
text:Perhaps some of them did reject the RUBYBYaoshiPlagues AuthorRUBYE's gift. But how could an entire civilization resist the temptation of immortality?
text:…and so Elio saw a new future possibility.
text:I was actually once an officer of the Silvermane Guards. After being discharged due to an injury, I followed my old lady here to the Underworld, where I planned to retire.
text:Now that I think about it… perhaps I was too naive. She'd probably forgotten it even existed.

text:It's nothing urgent. We were hoping to… understand Helm Master Yukong a little better.
text:While you do that, I'll head back to the Administrative District. I need to tell Gepard… Serv- ah…
text:There are Sanctus Medicus sorcerers hiding out there - it's too dangerous to roam. Please wait here for the master diviner's return.
text:We could not defy the will of the Stellaron after all…
text:She did - she saw me on her way over. She told me to go to the repository and read up on anything related to the Ambrosial Arbor.
text:This isn't a good place to talk - too much activity. If you don't mind, I hope you can come to the Realm-Keeping Commission.
text:…but as a descendant of the Vidyadhara, I will fulfill my duty to the Luofu.
text:…Though I'm sure a little reassurance wouldn't hurt. You don't know what being mara-struck actually means, do you?
text:Wildfire is a volunteer grassroots organization. Like I said, you can think of it as the Silvermane Guards of the underground.
text:Hmph, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt… Let me find Fersman and ask if he intends to sell the probe.
text:Hehe, speaking of empty inside… So how were Mom's refreshments? Good?
text:This enemy is completely different! If I didn't know it was a product of the Fragmentum, I'd think we were fighting a human!
text:Ah, it's you! You saved us from the monsters in the mine. You guys are… Silvermane Guards from the Overworld, right?
text:I knew you'd come around. On the Xianzhou… you're the only person I can turn to for help.
text:Hehe, I don't care if you believe me or not. Told you all I know. Now leave me alone if you don't have any more questions, I'm busy.
text:Now, which of you little creatures wished to see me, hmm?
text:I heard the Xianzhou can tell your fortune - is that how they do it? Anyone can count on their fingers…
text:…It's simple. That Stellaron has nothing to do with us, but the Xianzhou is convinced that we're responsible.
text:This mural describes the Vidyadhara hatching rebirth in the Lunarescent Depths - the beginning of self-reincarnation.
text:I often carried it around looking for a new claim, I suppose some villains must have taken notice.
text:How would it be if the IPC were to freeze all of them? Including all your game records?
text:There's no way someone like him could've come up with the idea of disassembling a sculpture and hiding the pieces inside robots.
text:I don't want to keep Junjun's eyes. If some kid gets a Junjun with no eyes, they'll be sad, right?
text:It's been thirteen hours since he last contacted me. He usually takes less than 十三 seconds to reply to my messages!